
Title – Liam – Make it fancy and professional

Abstract – Josh – give us a good summary of everything to come

1.INTRO
    - A brief intro into the game of pig
    - What do we aim to achieve in this project and what is going to be presented to the reader in this report
        o Brief them on out choices
    - PIG (the Neller story)
        o What has already been done in this area regarding solutions and strategies?
    - PIGLET (the runt of the games)??
2.METHODOLOGY
    - How we set out on this dice oriented project
        o Meeting as a group – the great pig lunch
        o Meetings – what we did and what foundations did we lay?
        o The Barry touch – utilising our supervisor.
    - PIGLET
        o The starting point – hours of hand written matrices
        o The coding of this so simple game
        o Comparisons to our written notes – it was cracked
    - Transference to PIG
        o Generalising the code from piglet
        o The errors of the 0 strategies
        o Fixing the bugs in order to get  a working machine
    - Humans the feeling computers
        o What did we want to know about people playing the game?
        o What do they actually do?
    - Statistics
        o Do you get similar results playing 1000 times as you do from the theoretical probabilities?
        o What is a fair test?
        o At what point can you determine that a strategy is better than another?
    - Optimals
        o What is an optimal strategy?
        o How do you get to an optimal?
        o Is there a unique one/pair/3way?
        o Are these optimal local or global maxima?
3.FINDINGS
    - Did we “solve” PIG?
        o Have we got code that will give you the probability of you winning versus another strategy?
        o Do we fully understand pig?
    - Humans
        o How did the people perform?
        o Can we see a trend?
        o Are humans inherently greedy?
        o Do we see a universal rule of thumb as to how to play??
        o Can we code a human and play them against a computer?
    - Statistics
        o Have we determined what it means to be a better strategy?
        o Have we began to determine whether playing 1000 games is representative of a theoretical result?
        o Do we have a new number of games that you can play to be within a tolerance of being a fair representation?
    - Optimal
        o Have we decided on what kind of optimal occurs?
        o Does It depend on where in the strategy space you start, as in if you start form @HOLD20 do you reach a different maxima than @HOLD21?
        o Is NELLERS’ Optimal actually the global maxima or is it just a very close local maxima to which you have to leave a nash equilibria in order to get to?
4.CONCLUSION
    - What did we achieve
        o Have we solved the pig equations?
        o Have we figured out how people play the game?
        o Have we determined that experiments can accurately represent theroies?
        o Have we determined where the optimal’s lie?
        o Have we confirmed what neller has already thought or have we found a counter argument?
5.EVALUATION
    - Do we want to go over what we have done and give a little self evaluative overview?
    - Talking about working in a team?
    - Give our thanks to those that helped?
    - Does this actually need to be in the presentation instead? (Aswell?)
6.BIBLIOGRAPHY
    -  Liam to compile everyone’s many citations
